hey maybe we'll see you on PBS
Cooper a big show cooler caterpillar
brush I'm not sure mama Luigi King Koopa
hey the TV's broken maybe we've got at
points oh you EG now worthless Cooper
hey just remember where's Yoshi oaj the
safe and sound
well that's that the only problem is
ever beat you Bravo's but I'm sure you
knew that cuz these do I know both are
one just try and guess the next place
they'll turn up I hours well it seemed
like hours anyway I was falling nothing
Bologna boiling lava Oh Rosie look here
your skids what
hey fine is a new bus thank you brother
wha ya know yo see that's my brother
Mario Luigi now I fought my way out and
I've been looking for you ever since now
we gotta go back in and so we found
ourselves back in bone city safe and
sound thanks to you Yoshi